mr. Foyle in the interest of putting
this whole thing to rest PG&E is willing
to offer the Jensens 250 thousand
dollars for their whole well two hundred
and fifty thousand in terms of land
value out in Hinkley mr. maser relief
feel that's a more than fair price how
about in terms of medical expenses two
hundred and fifty thousand isn't gonna
come close to what this family's gonna
have to spend on doctors I understand
they've had a bad run of luck
health-wise and they have my sympathies
but that's not teaching these faults
you're kidding right
look at these readings PG&E x' on
technicians documented toxic levels of
hexavalent chromium and those worlds on
numerous occasions everything the
Jensens have had is proven reaction to
exposure to hexavalent chromium they
have had they have had breast cysts
uterine cancer Hodgkin's disease immune
deficiencies asthma chronic nose be a
million things gonna cause those
problems poor diet bad genes
irresponsible lifestyle our offer is
final and it's more than fair wait a
minute I thought we were negotiating
here $250,000 is all I'm authorized to
offer I'll present your offer to my
clients I doubt that accept mr. misery
before you go off on some crusade you
might want to remember who it is you're
dealing with here PG&E is a twenty eight
billion dollar corporation twenty eight
billion dollars I didn't know it was
that much Wow twenty-eight million
holy
[Music]